The front end component of rememberMe services is actually quite simple.
You may recognize these fields already because this was
the form that we used on our login page.
We had our username and password, we just need to add a
third component inside of that form,
and that is the checkbox we're going to select to choose
to have our app remember who we are.
Notice that there is a name for this that is remember‑me, that is
specific to Spring Security, and if you change that,
the service will not work. You can override it, but for our example,
we're going to leave it to the default.
Just keep in mind that if you change yours,
you're going to need to change that configuration
inside of your security config. Let's add this to our application now.